Adding Measurements tasks 2.2-2.3 to Distinguishing States (#1615)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/distinguishing_states/peres_wooters_game/solution.md

### Solution

> > The task is a simple game inspired by a quantum detection problem due to Holevo ("Information-theoretical aspects of quantum measurement", A. Holevo) and Peres/Wootters ("Optimal detection of quantum information", A. Peres and W. K. Wootters). In the game, player A thinks of a number (0,1 or 2) and the opponent, player B, tries to guess any number but the one chosen by player A. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The task is a game inspired by a quantum detection problem due to Holevo ("Information-theoretical aspects of quantum measurement", A. Holevo) and Peres/Wootters ("Optimal detection of quantum information", A. Peres and W. K. Wootters). In the game, player A thinks of a number (0, 1 or 2) and the opponent, player B, tries to guess any number but the one chosen by player A. 
```

>
> Classically, if you just made a guess, you'd have to ask two questions to be right $100\%$ of the time. If instead, player A prepares a qubit with 0, 1, or 2 encoded into three single qubit states that are at an angle of 120 degrees with respect to each other and then hands the state to the opponent, then player B can apply a Positive Operator Valued Measure (POVM) consisting of 3 states that are perpendicular to the states chosen by player A. 
> It can be shown that this allows B to be right $100\%$ of the time with only 1 measurement, which is something that is not achievable with a von Neumann measurement on 1 qubit.
See also ("Quantum Theory:  Concepts and Methods", A. Peres) for a nice description of the optimal POVM.
    
Next, we address how we can implement the mentioned POVM by way of a von Neumann measurement, and then how to implement said von Neumann measurement in Q\#. First, we note that the POVM elements are given by the columns of the following matrix: 
     
$$M = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}}\left(\begin{array}{rrr}
1 & 1 & 1 \\ 
1 & \omega & \omega^2 
\end{array}
\right)$$
    

> where $\omega = e^{2 \pi i/3}$ denotes a primitive 3rd root of unity. Our task will be to implement the rank 1 POVM given by the columns of $M$ via a von Neumann measurement. This can be done by \"embedding\" $M$ into a larger unitary matrix (taking complex conjugates and transposed):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $\omega = e^{2 \pi i/3}$ denotes a primitive third root of unity. Our task will be to implement the rank 1 POVM given by the columns of $M$ via a von Neumann measurement. This can be done by \"embedding\" $M$ into a larger unitary matrix (taking complex conjugate and transpose):
```
